Bid Blitzkrieg
Bid Blitzkrieg is a powerful and feature-rich online auction platform built with Django, a high-level Python web framework. It provides a seamless and engaging experience for sellers to list their products, buyers to bid competitively, and administrators to manage the entire auction process efficiently.

Key Features
User Authentication and Authorization: Secure registration and login system for admins, sellers, and buyers with role-based access control.
Admin Management: Admins can add/remove other admins, manage sellers, buyers, and products, generate reports on ongoing auctions and auction results.
Seller Functionality: Sellers can easily list products for auction, create new auctions (subject to admin approval), and track bids on their listed items.
Buyer Functionality: Buyers can browse products up for bidding, place manual or automatic bids, and leave reviews for sellers after winning.
Auction Management: Auctions have defined start/end times, support minimum bid requirements, and automatic closure upon reaching the end time.
Bidding System: Real-time bidding with bid amount validation, highest bid tracking, and automatic bid closing after inactivity.
Product Management: Sellers can add products with multiple images, descriptions, and minimum bids. Admins can edit or remove products.
Notifications: Winners and losers receive email notifications after an auction concludes.
Billing Integration (Optional): Buyers can initiate digital check payments to sellers using a third-party billing API.
Technologies Used
Python
Django
HTML/CSS
JavaScript
PostgreSQL
Getting Started
Follow these steps to get the project up and running on your local machine:

Clone the repository: git clone https://github.com/shujaamarwat/bid-blitzkrieg.git
Install the required dependencies: pip install -r requirements.txt
Set up the database: python manage.py migrate
Create a superuser: python manage.py createsuperuser
Start the development server: python manage.py runserver
Contributing
We welcome contributions from the community! If you'd like to contribute to Bid Blitzkrieg, please follow these steps:

Fork the repository
Create a new branch: git checkout -b my-feature-branch
Make your changes and commit them: git commit -m 'Add some feature'
Push to the branch: git push origin my-feature-branch
Submit a pull request
License
Bid Blitzkrieg is released under the MIT License.

Acknowledgments
We'd like to express our gratitude to the Django community for their continuous support and contributions to the framework.